workflows/Evolution_API_Installation_Guide.md, before:

# 🚀 WhatsApp Evolution API Installation Guide

Complete step-by-step guide to install and configure the WhatsApp Evolution API for your n8n workflows.

## 📋 What is Evolution API?

Evolution API is an open-source WhatsApp integration API that provides a comprehensive platform for messaging automation. It supports multiple messaging services and integrations, making it perfect for n8n workflows.

**Key Features:**
- 📱 WhatsApp Web API (Baileys-based) - Free
- ☁️ WhatsApp Cloud API (Official Meta API) - Premium
- 🤖 Multiple integrations: Typebot, Chatwoot, Dify, OpenAI
- 🔗 Perfect for n8n automation workflows
- 📊 Real-time messaging and media handling

**Official Repository:** [Evolution API on GitHub](https://github.com/EvolutionAPI/evolution-api)

## 🛠️ Prerequisites

Before starting the installation, ensure you have:

- ✅ **Docker Desktop** installed and running
- ✅ **WSL2** enabled (for Windows users)
- ✅ **Git** installed
- ✅ Basic command line knowledge
- ✅ **n8n instance** running (for integration)

### 🪟 **Installing WSL2 on Windows**

**Open Command Prompt as Administrator** and run:

```cmd
# Enable WSL2 features
dism.exe /online /enable-feature /featurename:Microsoft-Windows-Subsystem-Linux /all /norestart
dism.exe /online /enable-feature /featurename:VirtualMachinePlatform /all /norestart

# Restart computer, then run:
wsl --set-default-version 2
wsl --install -d Ubuntu

# Verify installation
wsl --list --verbose
```

**Download WSL2 kernel update:** https://aka.ms/wsl2kernel

## 🧹 Clean Up Previous Installation (If Any)

If you have a previous Evolution API installation, clean it up first:

```bash
# Stop and remove existing containers
docker stop evolution_api evolution_postgres
docker rm -f evolution_api evolution_postgres

# Remove any existing volumes (optional - only if you want to start completely fresh)
docker volume prune
```

## 🚀 Complete Fresh Installation

### Step 1: Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/EvolutionAPI/evolution-api.git
cd evolution-api
```

**Expected Output:**
```
Cloning into 'evolution-api'...
remote: Enumerating objects: XXXX, done.
remote: Total XXXX (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused XXXX
Receiving objects: 100% (XXXX/XXXX), XX.XX MiB | XX.XX MiB/s, done.
```

### Step 2: Create PostgreSQL Database

```bash
docker run -d --name evolution_postgres \
  -e POSTGRES_DB=evolution \
  -e POSTGRES_USER=evolution \
  -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=evolution123 \
  -p 5432:5432 \
  postgres:13
```

**Expected Output:**
```
Unable to find image 'postgres:13' locally
13: Pulling from library/postgres
...
Status: Downloaded newer image for postgres:13
[CONTAINER_ID]
```

### Step 3: Wait for PostgreSQL to Initialize

```bash
docker logs evolution_postgres
```

**Wait for this message:**
```
database system is ready to accept connections
```

⏱️ **Note:** This may take 30-60 seconds for first-time setup.

### Step 4: Install Evolution API

```bash
docker run -d --name evolution_api \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -e AUTHENTICATION_API_KEY=EvolutionAPI_MySecure_Key_2024_789xyz \
  -e DATABASE_PROVIDER=postgresql \
  -e DATABASE_CONNECTION_URI=postgresql://evolution:evolution123@host.docker.internal:5432/evolution \
  --link evolution_postgres:postgres \
  atendai/evolution-api:latest
```

**Expected Output:**
```
Unable to find image 'atendai/evolution-api:latest' locally
latest: Pulling from atendai/evolution-api
...
Status: Downloaded newer image for atendai/evolution-api:latest
[CONTAINER_ID]
```

### Step 5: Verify Installation

```bash
# Check if containers are running
docker ps

# Check Evolution API logs
docker logs evolution_api

# Test API endpoint
curl http://localhost:8080
```

**Expected Results:**
- Both containers should be listed as "Up"
- API should respond with a welcome message or API documentation
- No critical errors in logs

## 🔧 Configuration

### API Key Setup

Your Evolution API is secured with the key: `EvolutionAPI_MySecure_Key_2024_789xyz`

**Important Security Notes:**
- 🔐 Change the default API key in production
- 🚫 Never expose your API key publicly
- 🔒 Use environment variables for sensitive data

### Access Points

- **API Base URL:** `http://localhost:8080`
- **Documentation:** `http://localhost:8080/docs` (if available)
- **Database:** PostgreSQL on port `5432`

## 🔗 Integration with n8n

### Step 1: Configure n8n HTTP Request Node

1. **Create HTTP Request Node** in your n8n workflow
2. **Set URL:** `http://localhost:8080/instance/create`
3. **Add Headers:**
   ```
   Authorization: Bearer EvolutionAPI_MySecure_Key_2024_789xyz
   Content-Type: application/json
   ```

### Step 2: Create WhatsApp Instance

**POST Request Body:**
```json
{
  "instanceName": "my_whatsapp_bot",
  "qrcode": true,
  "number": "YOUR_PHONE_NUMBER",
  "integration": "WHATSAPP-BAILEYS"
}
```

### Step 3: Connect WhatsApp

1. Execute the workflow in n8n
2. Get QR code from response
3. Scan QR code with WhatsApp mobile app
4. Instance will be connected and ready

Commit message:

Simplify WSL2 installation to one-command approach
- Replaced complex multi-step process with single 'wsl --install' command
- Much cleaner and faster for users
- Uses PowerShell instead of Command Prompt
- Automatic Ubuntu installation included

workflows/Evolution_API_Installation_Guide.md, after:

# 🚀 WhatsApp Evolution API Installation Guide

Complete step-by-step guide to install and configure the WhatsApp Evolution API for your n8n workflows.

## 📋 What is Evolution API?

Evolution API is an open-source WhatsApp integration API that provides a comprehensive platform for messaging automation. It supports multiple messaging services and integrations, making it perfect for n8n workflows.

**Key Features:**
- 📱 WhatsApp Web API (Baileys-based) - Free
- ☁️ WhatsApp Cloud API (Official Meta API) - Premium
- 🤖 Multiple integrations: Typebot, Chatwoot, Dify, OpenAI
- 🔗 Perfect for n8n automation workflows
- 📊 Real-time messaging and media handling

**Official Repository:** [Evolution API on GitHub](https://github.com/EvolutionAPI/evolution-api)

## 🛠️ Prerequisites

Before starting the installation, ensure you have:

- ✅ **Docker Desktop** installed and running
- ✅ **WSL2** enabled (for Windows users)
- ✅ **Git** installed
- ✅ Basic command line knowledge
- ✅ **n8n instance** running (for integration)

### 🪟 **Installing WSL2 on Windows**

**One-command install (recommended):**

1. Open **PowerShell as Administrator** (right-click → Run as administrator)
2. Run: `wsl --install`
3. Restart when prompted

This enables everything and installs Ubuntu by default.

## 🧹 Clean Up Previous Installation (If Any)

If you have a previous Evolution API installation, clean it up first:

```bash
# Stop and remove existing containers
docker stop evolution_api evolution_postgres
docker rm -f evolution_api evolution_postgres

# Remove any existing volumes (optional - only if you want to start completely fresh)
docker volume prune
```

## 🚀 Complete Fresh Installation

### Step 1: Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/EvolutionAPI/evolution-api.git
cd evolution-api
```

**Expected Output:**
```
Cloning into 'evolution-api'...
remote: Enumerating objects: XXXX, done.
remote: Total XXXX (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused XXXX
Receiving objects: 100% (XXXX/XXXX), XX.XX MiB | XX.XX MiB/s, done.
```

### Step 2: Create PostgreSQL Database

```bash
docker run -d --name evolution_postgres \
  -e POSTGRES_DB=evolution \
  -e POSTGRES_USER=evolution \
  -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=evolution123 \
  -p 5432:5432 \
  postgres:13
```

**Expected Output:**
```
Unable to find image 'postgres:13' locally
13: Pulling from library/postgres
...
Status: Downloaded newer image for postgres:13
[CONTAINER_ID]
```

### Step 3: Wait for PostgreSQL to Initialize

```bash
docker logs evolution_postgres
```

**Wait for this message:**
```
database system is ready to accept connections
```

⏱️ **Note:** This may take 30-60 seconds for first-time setup.

### Step 4: Install Evolution API

```bash
docker run -d --name evolution_api \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -e AUTHENTICATION_API_KEY=EvolutionAPI_MySecure_Key_2024_789xyz \
  -e DATABASE_PROVIDER=postgresql \
  -e DATABASE_CONNECTION_URI=postgresql://evolution:evolution123@host.docker.internal:5432/evolution \
  --link evolution_postgres:postgres \
  atendai/evolution-api:latest
```

**Expected Output:**
```
Unable to find image 'atendai/evolution-api:latest' locally
latest: Pulling from atendai/evolution-api
...
Status: Downloaded newer image for atendai/evolution-api:latest
[CONTAINER_ID]
```

### Step 5: Verify Installation

```bash
# Check if containers are running
docker ps

# Check Evolution API logs
docker logs evolution_api

# Test API endpoint
curl http://localhost:8080
```

**Expected Results:**
- Both containers should be listed as "Up"
- API should respond with a welcome message or API documentation
- No critical errors in logs

## 🔧 Configuration

### API Key Setup

Your Evolution API is secured with the key: `EvolutionAPI_MySecure_Key_2024_789xyz`

**Important Security Notes:**
- 🔐 Change the default API key in production
- 🚫 Never expose your API key publicly
- 🔒 Use environment variables for sensitive data

### Access Points

- **API Base URL:** `http://localhost:8080`
- **Documentation:** `http://localhost:8080/docs` (if available)
- **Database:** PostgreSQL on port `5432`

## 🔗 Integration with n8n

### Step 1: Configure n8n HTTP Request Node

1. **Create HTTP Request Node** in your n8n workflow
2. **Set URL:** `http://localhost:8080/instance/create`
3. **Add Headers:**
   ```
   Authorization: Bearer EvolutionAPI_MySecure_Key_2024_789xyz
   Content-Type: application/json
   ```

### Step 2: Create WhatsApp Instance

**POST Request Body:**
```json
{
  "instanceName": "my_whatsapp_bot",
  "qrcode": true,
  "number": "YOUR_PHONE_NUMBER",
  "integration": "WHATSAPP-BAILEYS"
}
```

### Step 3: Connect WhatsApp

1. Execute the workflow in n8n
2. Get QR code from response
3. Scan QR code with WhatsApp mobile app
4. Instance will be connected and ready
